(upbeat synthesizer music)
- [Instructor] Having seen several ItemProcessors in action,
this challenge will require you
to implement your own ItemProcessor that identifies
and filters orders which qualify for free shipping.
Our business requirements indicate those orders
over $80 qualify for free shipping,
so we'll want to identify them
and then filter out those lower than the price threshold.
Additionally, H+ Sport provides free shipping
only for government orders,
so you'll want to keep the existing ItemProcessors in place.
Here are a few hints to get you started.
Divide the work between our existing ItemProcessors
and a new ItemProcessor named Free Shipping ItemProcessor.
You will need to set the free shipping Boolean
on the tracked order object to indicate
if the order qualifies for free shipping.
Finally, filtering items in a processor is pretty simple.
Take a peek at the documentation for how to proceed.
Once you've built the processor, it should be chained
with the other processors in our job.
This challenge should take about 20 minutes to complete.
In the next video, I'll show you how I solved the challenge.
Good luck!